It's yet another year. It's that holiday season again, full of family, fun, and
food.

But in that list above, one doesn't really fit in. Having fun and being around
family are healthy obsessions, but what about the food? Eating too much holiday
food, in my opinion, is truly a worrying epidemic.

We see candies everywhere, and recipes exist for all sorts of treats
[http://www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/holiday---celebration-recipes/christmas-recipes/top-10-christmas-candy-recipes].
In school, many teachers offer treats for the holidays, from chocolates to candy
canes. And when all your classmates give in to the allure of sugar, it's
difficult to resist!

I was inspired to write this by the start of our winter holidays and by a
peer-written essay for the DuPont Challenge Essay
[http://thechallenge.dupont.com/essay/]. She wrote about the dangers of sports
drinks for non-athletes. Like candies, they are a common food product that is
often snacked upon, away from their intent of the original sports drink
(Gatorade [http://www.gatorade.com/company/heritage], according to that essay)
to actually help with the 1965 University of Florida teams. Like candies, they
are high in sugar. And like candies, few people notice how much they eat of it
and the dangers associated with it. We eat so much sugar nowadays, much more
than scientists are recommending [http://www.bbc.com/news/health-27941325]. And
if you haven't taken a biology or wellness course, there are so many dangers
associated with sugar
[http://www.businessinsider.com/effects-of-eating-too-much-sugar-2014-3].

Diabetic Living Online
[http://www.diabeticlivingonline.com/food-to-eat/nutrition/choose-this-not-that-christmas-treats]
supports my position and providing lots of alternatives. Just be more aware of
your eating habits: don't disregard those many little treats you may pop into
your mouth day after day — they add up! And if you really try to resist, making
healthier eating choices and rejecting second servings in the extras of
Christmas dinner, it'll really benefit you.

And this doesn't apply only to the winter festivities — stay on guard during
Halloween
[http://www.walmart.com/search/?query=Holiday+Party+Candy&adid=22222222220130640152&wmlspartner=wmtlabs&wl0=b&wl1=g&wl2=c&wl3=16987355189&wl4=kwd-1706619446&wl5=9003433&veh=sem]
and Valentine's Day
[http://www.candywarehouse.com/themes/valentines-day-candy/]!

Actually, just as I was about to post this, here comes Juliet (co-blogger)
barging in the front door, holding up her prized Starbursts from school, saying:

> We have a whole lot of Starbursts now. We had a Bingo game in class today and
> the winners got Starbursts. But I had to give some away. Juliet,
> thehomeworklife blogger