Although I really should be studying for math team
[https://fcml.wikispaces.com/] and the AMC
[http://www.maa.org/math-competitions], I decided to spend a little more time
programming today. I created something I've wanted to for some time: a little
Agenda [extras/Agenda].

It's a cool little device that allows you to add classes and assignments (with
optional descriptions) onto the site. For now, it's mainly for demonstrative
purposes and nothing gets saved, but you can download your agenda in a JSON
format [http://www.json.org/] for now. I'll add a feature in the near future
EDIT I've just added a feature in which you can actually use that JSON to
repopulate the program.

At the moment, it's the bare minimum of a program. However, it uses many
exciting web technologies I've learned, many of them recently. This includes the
idea of JavaScript objects (and JSON), jQuery [https://jquery.com/], AngularJS
[https://angularjs.org/] (the first time I've used it with jQuery), FontAwesome
[https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/], CSS transitions
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Transitions/Using_CSS_transitions],
downloadable content, uploadable content (coming soon), and such a nice, clean
interface. It's modeled a bit after the modern feel of Google Keep
[https://www.google.com/keep/] (which I also use regularly because of Google's
awesomeness), but much simpler and aimed towards homework.

This idea was supposed to be one component aspect of my grand vision of
"Stutor": a study platform designed for students to teach other students. I've
made a few attempts over the years to create the entire program, but the
daunting aspect of an unfinishable platform always stopped me a few days in.
I've occasionally built little parts that I've envisioned to be part of it— the
most notable of which are this agenda and the chat [extras/Chat]— but I've never
really got to it. It's still a cool idea that is forming in my brain, however. I
can't simplify it enough in a way that makes it seem manageable, so I haven't
gotten to it yet.

But I will. I think I will…