I was playing around with HTML5 <canvas>
[http://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_canvas.asp] these past few days, and this
is the most exciting piece I've made so far (besides a game that I just started
that's getting exponentially complex the farther I go, so chances are I'm not
going to finish it). I have been using the Mozilla Developer Network (MDN)
Canvas Tutorials
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial] to learn
how to use canvas. (And if you didn't catch on already, canvas is a way to
easily create graphics with JavaScript.)

The program is essentially a text-to-image converter. There are a few features
you can do to the text, such as adjust the font size, whether it is bold or
italic (or both), the font, the width and height of the canvas, and the colors
of the letters. As of now, the colors just repeat in the order they are given,
and the text is always centered both vertically and horizontally, so there is a
little bit of rigidity. Another cool feature is the lightening of the letters: I
initially added this to create the slight gradient from top-left to bottom-right
of the words to create hte kind of effect the Google logo has (and you can see
it in the above example).

[images/posts/wordTheHomeworkLife.png]

As you can see on the left, the gradient effect is cool on dark colors as well.
But even cooler of a feature is the conversion directly to a downloadable
portable network graphics (PNG) image (with a transparent background, too!).
I've never been too involved with graphics, especially programmable ones, and
this really excited me. The image on the left was a one downloaded from the site
with some modified settings (font size: 110, text: "The Homework Life", brighten
by: 255, styles: "bold", font family: "ubuntu", width: 1024, height: 220,
colors: ["#000000"]). The idea of the digital image fascinates me: they are
stored as zeroes and ones just as text is, and that monotonous binary can turn
into beautiful colors and shapes. And now I can make it directly from code!

TheHomeworkLife Word [extras/Word] is easily available on this site with the
other projects.

