I've posted a new little web application, Speller Bee [extras/SpellerBee]. I
know that it should be "Spelling Bee," but that name was taken on Heroku
[https://www.heroku.com/] (where the Node.js [https://nodejs.org/en/] server is
hosted) and therefore I chose something a little different to spice it up.

It comes with all the main features from the Wordnik API
[http://developer.wordnik.com/], an interesting platform uses the Swagger API
framework [http://swagger.io/] that got me so utterly confused for weeks until I
figured it out last weekend. And on top of that, it took me a few days to figure
out Wordnik by itself. Therefore, this is very new and unpolished, and only the
"definitions" and "examples" buttons are really working as they are supposed to.

On top of that, I played around with Google's AngularJS [https://angularjs.org/]
and Google Material Colors [https://www.google.com/design/spec/style/color.html]
to get a nice, clean look. As always, it also uses jQuery [https://jquery.com/]
for DOM manipulation and CSS3 animations
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Animations/Using_CSS_animations]
for the smoothest and coolest effects.

It was originally intended to be a lightweight Spelling Bee contestant assistant
that chooses random words, pronounces them, and tells if the user is correct or
incorrect. At the moment, it is simply a dictionary, but I can work on that. But
it is fast, especially on slower computers such as mine that cannot handle more
popular sites with too many advertisements, such as Dictionary.com
[http://dictionary.reference.com/].



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



[images/posts/noted.png]Secondly, I am also releasing a simple note-taking
Chrome extension that both creates an action-button in the top right and
replaces your newtab page with the same, simple page. It automatically saves to
your browser, so you can easily access it online or offline. It's fast and
simple. If you open it in another tab or with the action-button, any changes
will automatically be seen in the other ones (after a minor delay). Just make
sure not to delete your browser's cacheâ€¦ Check it out at Noted
[downloads/Noted.crx].



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



At the moment, I am also formulating ideas to create a modular organizational
system for the average computer user, which will be based on JavaScript's OOP
structure but applied to real-world data. It will be an interesting, direct
application of programming skills in the hectic world of school we live in
today.