We had to write a short piece
[publications/ReflectiveRemembranceAndReInterpretation.html] that was
analytical, exploratory, and comparative in nature. It was to analyze any
similarity we found between "Hole"
[https://www.artistfound.org/application/media/321/1273.pdf] by Andrew Porter
and Catcher in the Rye [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Catcher_in_the_Rye]â€” a
form of juxtaposition [http://www.literarydevices.com/juxtaposition/] to get
more meaning out of it.

I chose to write my analysis on the similar style in which both of the authors
wrote theirs: a passive, past-tense voice. One that is a bit apathetic, but
still revealing of emotions.

I thought it was interesting how the narrator in "Hole" said that:



> It is said that when you are older you can remember events that occurred years
> before more vividly than you could even a day or two after you experienced
> them.Andrew Porter, "Holes"



I dived deeper into this thought. What could have done this? What does time do
that can actually benefit our own memories and perception, to such an extent
that it can overcome the gradual process of memory loss?

This turned me back to the passive tone in the articles. They seemed somewhat
devoid of excitement: boring, depressed, hopeless. It was not a "Oh no! My
friend just died!" kind of moment, but a sage-like voice with long, flowing
beard, telling you of a story long, long ago. And that's what it feels like.
Long, long ago.

Therefore, I deduced from this that emotion leaves our memories quicker than the
events themselves. And that is why, after some time, we can more clearly look
back on our memories and reflect on them in a more meaningful way. After the
excitement. After the depression. After the surprise. As always, emotions meddle
with our minds. But once they fade, we can see more clearly.

As a side note, you'll notice if you click on the link to my piece that the
publication viewing interface has changed. It's inspired by the Google Chrome
PDF viewer for a clean, paginated interface.