The Homework Life is one step closer to becoming a more widely supported blog
with RSS feeds! Now, you can subscribe to the feed [feed.xml] by simply giving
the link to a feed reader, such as FeedReader [http://feedreader.com/]. It
allows you to easily see the ten most recent posts without having to regularly
check the site, and from a feedreader in which you can check all your favorite
other blogs and news sources.

The Homework Life has also returned to GitHub [https://github.com/] at
jlam55555/the-homework-life [https://github.com/jlam55555/the-homework-life].
The full code is there, and I'll be committing to it with any updates I make. It
only includes the main site, however— other, side projects are hosted in their
own repositories.

Another fancy improvement to the site will be the increasing usage of SVG images
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scalable_Vector_Graphics]. This post image, for
example, is one. SVGs have the power to infinitely scale— no zooming will
decrease its resolution, unlike most other image formats, which are raster
images rather than vector graphics. Try it on the post image, for example: open
it on a new tab and zoom! They are defined based on shapes, not pixels, and they
are written in plain XML (simple text). Now, although it is still a non-standard
web technology, it has widespread support [http://caniuse.com/#feat=svg] amongst
all the major browsers. I've been using Inkscape [https://inkscape.org/en/] to
create them, and I'd highly recommend it.

Update: Here are some other examples of fun SVGs to create. The cow was created
from a PNG image [https://openclipart.org/detail/17676/cartoon-cow], and the
tree was created from a JPG image
[http://c85c7a.medialib.glogster.com/media/38/38f41db110cb7f0978670f05af2a42d443ae63204aca54703ac1baa2e795a97d/tree-in-meadow.jpg]
that was manipulated with Inkscape's Vonoroi Diagram Delaunay Triangulation to
create a "low polygonal art" effect
[http://goinkscape.com/low-poly-art-tutorial-using-inkscape/]. Again, look at
their actual sizes (50px by 50px and 40px by 40px, respectively) to see that
they really do scale.

[/images/posts/cow.svg][images/posts/tree.svg]