There have been many major site improvements I made today! Many are graphical
changes I decided to mix up to help the functionality of the site. Here are some
of them:

[images/posts/newlogo.png]The (arguably) most drastic change is the logo. No
longer a smug smiley-face, I drew this new one with an intention to convey a
more accurate tone. And I drew it in many layers, so I can disassemble and mix
it up like the image above! The reduced logo (for the favicon and the Apple
touch-icon for the web-application) is just the calculator in the center. Sorry
the pen and the pencil are a little skewedâ€” I quickly free-handed it on
GIMP.[images/posts/newfont.png]I also have a new font at play for the body text
(not the headers). It's a sleek font called "San Francisco" (a punny name for a
sans serif-font). It's quite elegant and thin, especially on high-resolution
screens.[images/posts/newScrollbar.png]There's now a dark, thin scrollbar to
replace the default one for a cleaner, sleeker look. It replaces only the
desktop version though. Edit: I realize now that this image is cut off. If
you're on the desktop site, you'll see what I
mean.[images/posts/centeredTop.png]All the elements in the sidebar (desktop) or
top (mobile) are now centered both horizontally and vertically! It's a minor
change, but the off-centeredness bothered me for quite a
while.[images/posts/newCollapsed.png]The most helpful update is the new
collapsed view on mobile. No longer showing up with confusing hover
pseudo-elements (which doesn't work well with tapping and touchscreens), only
the titles show. It's more ideal for a small screen, especially that of a
smartphone. This is paired with the smaller "Back to Top" button on mobile as
well.

