I would be a student council officer for two reasons only: to have a leadership
role for the National Honor Society [https://www.nhs.us/], and to stop prom from
soaking up all the studentsâ€™ money. Because, as a whole, fundraising does
eventually end up going towards our classesâ€™ treasuries, which then proceed
almost exclusively to prom.

The problem is that everyone loves prom. Some say itâ€™s all what attending high
school is for: dating, boys, prom. They donâ€™t care that we fund prom in the
long term— no, they encourage it. The student council leaders are adamant that
it goes on, because that is what the people want. Even as a school budget cut
resulting from a decreasing student population threatens to cut eight teachers,
junior varsity teams, siphon 1.4 million dollars to incoming special-needs
children, and ruin the chances of a school-funded bowling team, prom is an
unnegotiatable thing that has to stay. I haven't heard any argument against it.

But I donâ€™t agree. Prom is a singular-event that sucks in students' money. To
start, each of the events (junior or senior) cost a good $50 to $100 a person.
This doesnâ€™t include formal dress. Or limousines. Or flowers. Or fundraisers.
Or the potential breakup that may cost much more than money. It all is, in the
end, a bunch of unnecessary waste, monetary or otherwise.

But society views otherwise, and I am the minority in a majority-dominated
society. Too often, I am the salmon swimming upstream. I am Socrates against the
mob mentality of ordinary people who live the pampered life of the American
Dream1.

1: If you're wondering why this is so short, it is just to help me get back into
the swing of writing. I have been too busy coding (with Node.js and solving
Project Euler questions) and really need to improve my writing again. One major
driving factor is the "Sophomore Speakout," an opinionated speech about …
anything (school-appropriate). I need to practice my thought-provoking skills
and the art of impactful writing.