"No technology allowed." O the pain I feel! Without technology allowed, we
wouldn't have clothing (and ma'am, I'm sure you wouldn't want to see us naked);
we wouldn't be healthy and have flawless teeth; in essence, we couldn't exist
the way we do now. I'm sure the countless teachers and librarians that had told
us this hadn't thought of technology in the holistic sense that the term
technology conveys. If they want us to put away our smartphones and laptop
computers and tablets, they could explicitly mention "mobile computing devices"—
although slightly wordier, it's also more specific and more correct.

In my world, it's not okay to generalize or be politically-correct
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_correctness] (even when talking about
politics [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Political_terminology]). You
have to be technically-correct
[http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/26185/usage-of-the-word-technically].
It's sometimes okay to be general in order to specify a broad range or to be
"politically correct" to mention something in a kinder way, as long as it is
very precise.

Another overused over-general term is "chemical." "Oh no, there are so many
chemicals in this food!" Well, duh! (It sounds a bit childish, but I couldn't
think of another term that conveyed its meaning equally well.) Everything is
made up of "chemicals"! I'm made up of chemicals, you're made up of chemicals,
the food you eat is made up of chemicals. If you've taken any biology course, a
chemical is simply a substance relating to the study of chemistry. Chemicals
make up the world around us, and the vast majority of them are out there to
benefit us. The few toxic or dangerous chemicals that may exist in our foods—
heavy metals, for example— are the ones to worry about. That word "toxic" or
"dangerous" is not implied— it's important there. There are many other commonly
misused chemistry-related terms
[http://wavefunction.fieldofscience.com/2011/05/top-four-misused-chemical-terms-laymans.html]
as well.

And then there are the misused phrases. Or the simple ones that get spelled
wrong all too often. And then there are others that are simply used all too
often. A pet peeve of mine is when I hear "literally" or "practically" used
incorrectly: no, it is not actually in a literal sense! You're wrong! Or when
people spell "there," "they're," "their" or "affect," "effect" incorrectly:
homonyms aren't synonyms!

It was actually interesting ranting about this topic. Maybe I'll try it more
often…